---
tags: meeting
description: Organising for Climate Informatics 2024
---

# Climate Informatics 



:::spoiler **Expand for Contents**
[TOC]
:::

---
:::spoiler Expand for formatting template
```
<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
# Meeting yyyy-mm-dd
## Attendees
## Apologies
## Notes
### Updates on issues/actions
### AOB
<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
```
:::

---

```

```
==Actions are highlighted yellow==
<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->


# Meeting 2024-04-19
## Attendees
- Doug
- Cass
- Lelle
- Scott
- Katy
- Alejandro
- Orlando
- Andrew M
- Meghna
- Guillaume
- Andrew H

## Apologies

## Notes
- Catering deadline has passed, so cannot add more in-person
- Last push for online attendees
- Online registration closes Saturday
    - If anyone asks, join our mailing list and/or slack and you will be notified when it is shared publicly online. 
- [Scripts for chairs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LbJyuur6nK3vGr7z0tAYKZhArmp1uew5o3meJ5LS9zA/edit?usp=sharing)
    - These will be/are sent out to Chairs by Katie
- Day 3 dinner/pint - Scott will be around, Cass leaving london around 7pm
- Day 3 expect folks to be a bit slow in the morning :)
- ==ADD INFO in one-day-to-go email: Let people know that they space is already active and they can stroll around, to log in in advance and set up their profiles==
- About a month later? ==Touch-base with CI steering committe post-conference== or chat with Claire in person for next steps and lessons learned

#### Artefact Evaluation
- TIMELINE
    - 1 week onboarding + 4 weeks review
    - Start June-July or September-October
    - Decision not yet made

### Updates on issues/actions

### AOB

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2024-04-12
## Attendees
* Alejandro Coca Castro
* Lelle Demertzi
* Cass
* Katy Thompson
* Yuhan Douglas Rao
* Guillaume Couairon
* Meghna Asthana
* Orlando

## Apologies: 
* Scott Hosking
* Alden


## Notes

### Reproducibility
* [GitHub repository](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024-ae/issues/1)
* Three speakers confirmed (Cass chairing, Alejandro, Marion, Dominic speaking, one more pending, first invitee did not respond, moving to plan B)
* Artefact Evaluation
    * HotCRP platform for review-assessment-comms with authors
    * Recruitment of potential reviewers: REG, ICC, CI2024 call, E&S GC community pool
    * Information session outside the CI2024 programme

### Posters
- Rooms which were to be used for catering overspill to explore posters (IRL and online) in a quiet space
- The main conference space will be used for in person presenters
- Deadline Wednesday 17th


### Participant Comms 
- Online moderators
    - Cass
    - Katy
    - Lelle
- Slido
    - ==This should be moderated==
- Broadcast of stage content through youtube
    - AV team at BMA house well set
    - Do we want the chat open on youtube?
        - Don't want to clog up slido 
    - Unlisted broadcast
- Turing E&S slack
    - For post meeting conversation
    - ==Cass happy to add people based on their sign-up email
    - ==Form on HyHyve to be added on Turing space?: https://forms.office.com/e/fDnC5pR9Zc==
    - Let's try and stick with HyHyve chat ?
    - Something as simple as a shared google doc?
- Expect live online conversationto happen on hyhyve, slack for whole group conversations

### Chairs
- Make sure gender balance
- Something fun non-technical for Scott's 1st day intro
        
### This afternoon's event on HyHive
* Working on microsoft edge, chrome, safari
    * ipad/mobile ok
* Welcome speaker?
    * Scott to give welcome
* Who will be there for tech help?


From Slack:
* Maintaining an online community:
~~* Free Slack workspace?
    * Onboarding on Slack prior to conference from registration emails?~~
* Final feedback on map
* Recording:
    * What are we recording, what are we not?
* Feedback survey 




<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2024-03-15
## Attendees
* 
* Lelle Demertzi
* Cass
* Katy Thompson
* Yuhan Douglas Rao
* Guillaume Couairon
* Scott Hosking
* 

## Apologies: 
* xx
* xx
## Notes

#### Programme
* New addition: Lighting talks for ECRs and students (5min)
* Poster session online, capacity depends on virtual setup
* HiHive
    * Payment on track (some complexities!)
    * We can start buikding virtual space
    * Need Programme Managers signiture as payment won't be finished until after March
    * Capacity 
        * Maximal technical is 2000
        * around 200 is our current expectation 
    * Orlando creating the map space with as many posters we need -==map by next meeting to discuss==
        * [Maps examples](https://hyhyve.notion.site/517e4518406f4011ba21b11fcc3ff2ac?v=db6aaa471d974caa90f9d2b6df956de9)
    * Cass: range and variety/quality are not necessarily the prioririty -more about experience
    * Douglas: maybe not in one timeslot, can we spread the activity across sessions, all posters available throughout
    * Orlando: There is the possibility to have one poster room trhoughout, discussions can be activated during the event time
    * Scott: How to best cluster the activities? And use the opportunity for promotion and online sales boost?
    * Alden: team up by logicistics, time-zones, themed sessions, rooms/days
    * Andrew: Environmental themed based on submissions content? Something more visually appealing than 'color' zones eg green zone


### Optimising online poster scheduliong
- Cosiderations
    - Themeing of content
    - author time zones


### Next steps with programming
- Douglas not to email people to say they've bene accepted - need to confirm programme first
- Want to give some thought to it 
    - talk length, day,..
    - ==Cass and Katy to confirm requirements==
- Prioritise international/visas, 'Turing people' can wait a bit longer
- Full papers will be prioritised as we've been able to get a fuller review
    - received 19 full paper sumbissions
- Need to finalise chairs for the day

### Social plans
- Venue booked for pub quiz
    - Impact hub, in Euston
    - Andrew volunteered
    - Anyone else to join quiz planning team?
        - Alden
        - Cass
        - Bea will be the host!
- Dinner
    - Getting in dietary requirements
    - Seating plan?
        - Mitigation: vegeterian/vegan card
    - DJ? Playlist?
    - Do we have a sponsor for the dinner/drinks reception?
        - Andrew: CUP would be happy to?
        - CUP already doing access fund, so also look elsewhere.

### Sponsorship
- Sponsors need to be Turing approved, or directly pay the venue
- Need to make an ask to Turing partners
- Consider developing relationships at AIUK
- Pull details from last years sponsors, inc contact name/email.
- Douglas can chase amazon contact
- =="Menu" of things that could be covered==
    - Logo (where/when? inc online)
    - Drinks reception
    - access fund
    - Tiered sponsorship
- Start a table of sponsors and contacts
    - [Turing "collaborators"](https://www.turing.ac.uk/partnering-turing/current-partnerships-and-collaborations)
    - Maybe research centres on our university network
    - Aim to pull in two or three!
    - ==Cass pull from our stakeholder map==
    - OpenClimate Fix

==CUP desk at reception==

#### Reproducibility challenge
- Day 2
- One speaker confirmed, more in scope
- 

- 

### Other panels
#### Climate-Health Panel
- Cass suggested panel following up on Turing climate-public health workshop
- Make sure it focuses on the **informatics** part of the challenge
#### Eco impact of research 
- Suggested by Doug? 
- Cass has some speaker links on this topic
    - Please chase if anyone wants to pursue!

### Scriberia or other illustrator?
- Orlando suggests: https://acceleratescience.github.io/assets/uploads/ai-for-science-summit-11-12-december-2023-graphics.pdf
- Katy factored Scriberia into the contingency plan!


Actions Recap: between now and next meeting:
- Programme nail-down
- Draft version of space and familiarisation
- 5-10 emails out for sponsorships
- ==Meeting rescheduling for Thursday 28th==


# Meeting 2024-02-16
## Attendees
Christian Fernandez Perotti
Lelle Demertzi
Guillaume Couairon
Katy Thompson
Yuhan Douglas Rao
## Apologies: 
Alden
Cass
Scott
Meghna
## Notes
### Review process
89 submissions, 1 keynote proposal, 1 panel discussion on ethics of AI in E&S
(19 full papers, and rest extended abstracts)
43 review in 2 weeks time, possibility of extentions
Notification day could be pushed back by a week (to 1st March)
### Programme planning
#### Panel discussion topics
Any follow-ups on suggested topics?
#### Number of talk slots available & poster event
* Draft [Agenda](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eA27A8xgoZsweGoPkBh1p2C4fCiLNVnhdFKOR4favWE/edit#gid=911939187)
* In-person posters
* Possibility of an online agenda in parallel to harvest the opportunity of the large amount of submissions
### Updates on issues/actions
#### Online platform
Online teem meeting notes in detail [here](https://hackmd.io/egXgvD5rQoKFl1_t7bGJ5w?edit)
* **HyHyve**, meeting 13.02.24
    * Provided demo and [quote](https://8956916.hs-sites.com/dD6IANG7QtraPbCHY0Q0)  â‚¬1,569.90 (with 3h onborading and 3h technical support) -monthly subscription, cancel any-time Business Plan
    * Customizable maps, they can provide templates and Orlando could design map
    * Direct broadcasting from venue, or through YouTube live (private link)
    * Live space 24/7 but video minutes are not charged unless broadcasting/videomeeting
    * One-time email verification and GDPR compliant.
* **Topia**, tried to contact
    * Test conference world demo
    * $100/month for 20 users, and $5/month for every additional user in increments of 10 up to 100
    * Comprehensive quidelines for customising worlds

Could someone pay directly for HyHyve? Douglas: Claire said okay to pay for venue, the virtual space falls within it, will copy Lelle in to take it further with CU Boulder.

Orlando: Hybrid poster session to draw engagement to online posters? Douglas: to link into submission stats for which prefer in person and which online. Can it work both ways simultaneously? Probably not at the same time.
Katy: Online conference weeks before the event, with points of interest, some activities, walk-through and meet-n-greet (see her message on Slack)

How does HyHyve work with embedding documents and comments for poster sessions?

#### Reproducibility challenge
[Link to issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/12)
2 meetings have taken place this year to establish topics, focusing on the full papers.
Checklist in progress
Scoping budget  
Creating more visibility of reproducibility in CI2024, a panel on computational artifacts and assessment with reproducibility people
Online: maybe ways to harvest it as an opportunity?
Immediate action: Reproducibility challenge to create awareness and get reviewers.
Review and training post-conference.


#### Day hosts 
- Welcome
- Introducing all speakers through the day
- Chairing questions (unless panel moderator)
- Better quality of experience for the particiapnts
    - Host will get briefing note
    - Action: Sort of reference wordings for chairs for each day
- Someone who is going to be there and wants to be visible
- Should be someone who
- Event's team typically plant's questions, generic fall backs
- Senior researchers will be too busy. Good opportunity for visibility
    - Turing researchers in E&S, ECRs
- Gets a comp ticket
- Katy would like Scott to be opening day (Turing)
- Someone from CI?
- Open out to our organiser team
     - Get it in peoples calendars for e.o. Month

#### AOB
- Andrew to send out tweets
- Let's not switch of the radar on global south engagement
    - ==Douglas: Summary of submission stats to come==
- Access fund
    - Alejandro: offer online some tickets for free?
- Speaker expenses forecast
- ==Action Lelle: Poster space in BMA?==
- 1/3 oral presentations and 2/3 posters

# Meeting 2024-02-02

## Attendees
* Katy Thompson, Events @ Turing
* Lelle Demertzi, Programme Coordinator @Turing 
* Andrew McDonald, PhD  student @ Cam/BAS, Social Media / Publicity / Promo
* Cass
* Guillaume Couairon
* Scott Hosking
* Douglas
* Robert Rouse
* Alden
* Orlando
* Alejandro Coca Castro
* Christian
* Andrew Hyde
* Meghna Asthana

## Apologies

## Notes

### Partnernships meeting
- How do we use 2024 to springboard 2025?
    - No way to make a surplus this year and hold it for 2025
- Funding availablile in UK gov etc. who sponsor international meetings
    - Alaine (Turing, international) looking into those
- Going to be difficult for Turing to bring in sponsors for 2024
    - one off and low capacity internally
    - Can't have people give money to Turing - need to pay directly to venue etc.
    - ==Lelle/Katy: Ask BMA house to itemize costs==
    - If sponsors are paying things directly, might get round Turing's supplier restrictions?
        - Sponsors may also have their own restrictions...
- ==Adlen/Scott: draft an email for sponsors with a menu of items to choose from==

From Douglas: 
**RE: budget** - I don't think I can see the budget file in the Turing shared drive in the Microsoft system. Claire mentioned that there is 7K USD at CU Boulder that can be used to pay for venues or some other expanses that may offset the cost.
**RE: sponsorship** - if there is a specific policy about what type of sponsorship that Turing can take please let me know. I do have a few contacts at ESA, AWS, and NVIDIA that sponsored past CI events.


### Submission deadline
Extended to Friday 9th February. Currently 9 abstracts submitted and no full paper.

### Tickets

[budget detail here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JPwdKbEEfMrXEWh9CfK-raiEsXO9yuvbuW1zguyPjfU/edit?usp=sharing) contains link to spreadsheet which is internal to Turing only - please let Katy know if you would like to review

- From marketing meeting: we need to adopt access requirements from the Turing (incl. speaker expenses, day care as part of access fund).
    - budgetted into the costs below

Registration opens on 26th February
* 3 days in-person Â£225.00 
* 3 days in-person (student) Â£150.00 
* 1 day in-person	 Â£75.00 
* 1 day in-person (student)	 Â£55.00 
* Online (unlimited) Â£25.00 
* Dinner (minus staff, keynotes + access) Â£75.00 

- ==Need to know VIPs up front i.e. tickets we are giving away==


### Online platform
* Gather Town blocked by Turing - half of the delivery team wouldn't be able to access it and we wouldn't be able to pay for it via Turing
* Gather.town $7/user/month
* [MyHyve](https://www.hyhyve.com/) - Event-based quote for Business plan requested -no response yet. There is also a pay-as-you-go option for 0.03/participant/video minute (+800 video minutes for free) but with less customisable features
    * Orlando has set up one of these.
    * More of an entrance barrier than gathertown
* [Kumospace](https://www.kumospace.com/)  20$/user/month, and US-based (GDPR issues)
* [Topia.io](http://topia.io/) - monthly subscription option only, Pro plan ($100/month for 20 people and additional users $5/user/month)
    * Douglas offered to do a demo
* [Spatial.Chat](https://www.spatial.chat/) $7/user/month in 10-user increments,add-ons: $150 Analytical report, $150/h In-event-support, unlimited stage recording - $500
* *Open source alternative [workadventure]*(https://github.com/workadventure/workadventure)
* Would like for online to be n=200-300
* We could set a cap to keep track of cost
* Priority reminder: how robust the tool is and how it will add value to the user experience. 
* CU Bolder Money could pay
* Form Douglas: Whova has been bothering me all year asking if CI wants to use it for hybrid events - have people used it for other conferences? Andrew: Nifty appp!

## Reproducibility
- After the conference, offer full papers an opt-in to formal computational artefact review
- Would need to build a pool of ~20 reviewers, 
    - Advertise in the conference (potentially a panel session)
    - hold training for reviewers after the conference
        - ECR development opportunity
        - Authorship via CRediT
        - blog-type piece via CUP
- Legacy
    - incorporate into future planning!

## Submission reviewing
- Submission deadline next week!
- Currently we have 9 abstracts submitted so far but no full paper submission yet.
- Pannels:
    - [Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Vf6gkvkfuPlLuDWFHi1CHnaCpyTGYRd/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114601902116252169055&rtpof=true&sd=true)
    - Strong theme on weather forcasting - good to get other directions too
    - Reproducibility: Artifact Evaluation
        - ==Cass/Alejandro: Submit through CMT==
    - Humanities
        - ==Robert: Make sure Ramit has submitted==
    
    - ==Add Guillaume to CMT guillaume.couairon@gmail.com==
    - CMT: "Panel discussion is best suited for emerging topics that are broadly relevant to the community and can benefit from inviting a diverse group (3-5) of practitioners to share their perspectives and provoke broad community discussion. Past panel topics include uncertainty and trust, enhancing the diversity of the community, and reproducibility."
        - Minimally required abstract and speakers
    - Andrew: other panel ideas
        - education x climate informatics (discussion targeted towards bringing climate/weather into CS curricula and vice versa given the high number of faculty and teaching folks attending)
        - edi (think we discussed this in a previous meeting and had a panel on this last year)
        - towards sustainable climate informatics (discussion on the carbon footprint of ML/AI and best practices for more efficient computation in the age of LLMs and LVMs) (especially relevant with Scottâ€™s recent paper, https://www.nature.com/articles/s41561-023-01369-y)

## Comms
- Andrew to post a daily countdown
- Cass to do a "1 week to go" on Turing mailling lists

## Website
- Lelle chasing speakers for bios etc.
- 

## Session Chairs
- Not yet discussed!
- ==Cass: make an issue on this==

## Pub Quiz!
- ==MC==
- Katy and Alden looking at venues
- 1st night, with food if we can

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
# Meeting 2024-01-30
## Attendees
- Lelle
- Katy
- Alden
- Cass
- Sian Fortt

## Notes - Marketting chat
- Aims: Networking, building up the community. 
    - A good core group
    - Grow the E&S Community
    - Strong Turing presence to solidify the place of Turing 
- 22-24th April BMA House
- Turing's role as a conviener, it's not a GC lead event
- Expect the logo to be right at the top
- Regisration mamaged through events force
- [Turing events page](https://www.turing.ac.uk/events/climate-informatics-2024)
- n=120 in person, 40-60 online 2023 (hope this to grow)
- How are we trying to grow the audience. 
    - If we could hand pick the people to be there, who would they be?
    - Academics, ECRs
    - Keynote from Deepmind
    - Schmidt Futures
    - Third Sector, ? Sian has been working on some calls to these recently
- Ticket pricing - Sian was pleased that these are reasonable ticket prices for this audience
- ==Access fund to childcare costs?==
    - Â£100 childcare voucher for AIUK
    - Suggestion to ask BMA House if they have facilities
    - Think about upfront costs for participants, if they have to wait for everything to be reimbursed

- Marketing routes
    - Turing events and engagement newsletter, when registration live
    - Network awards newsletter to university partners
    - Social media
    - Use AIUK to advertise? 
        - Especially live stream tickets
            - E&S Hub, our demos etc.
    - Send people to the Turing events page for google analytics
    - Katy to meet with Sian 2 weeks after tickts open

- ==Put Turing name as close as possible to "CI2024"==
    - ==Turing merch!==git
    - Limited suply of banners, directional signs etc.
- ==Good networking opportunity for S&I Director - video?== 


<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2024-01-22
## Attendees
- Katy
- Lelle
- Cass

## Apologies
- none

## Notes - Budget chat
- Networking pub quiz at [Tile Yard](https://tileyard.co.uk/the-gallery/)
    - Turing approved venue
    - ==Katy to get a quote and write a short proposal to share with organisers on slack
- Short talks
    - Turing EDI policy that we hae to cover speaker expenses?
        - ==Katy to look into==
        - Maybe a cap that we can 
    - Speakers don't pay for register for Turing events
        - Currently n=24 speaker slots
- Gather Town
    - Macbooks can use it
    - Turing Business laptops cannot access 
    - Would have to set up GatherTown (or alternative) as a supplier
        - ==Katy and Lelle looking at alternatives==
            - Look out for regional blocks to access
            - Turing have said they cannot unblock access on Business Team machines

- Access funds
    - Typically offered at Turing events. 
    - Often only covers ticket price
    - Criteria

- Funds remaining in the CI bank
    - Hold this back for 2025

- 1 day ticket
    - Keep this option for people to attend without committing to all 3 days

- Dinner
    - Room capacity n=100
    - estimate n=18 organisers attending
    - 

### Updates on issues/actions

### AOB

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2024-01-19

## Attendees
* Katy Thompson, Events @ Turing
* Lelle Demertzi, Programme Coordinator @Turing 
* Andrew McDonald, PhD  student @ Cam/BAS, Social Media / Publicity / Promo
* Robert Edwin Rouse - PDRA Computer Science Cambridge
* Cass
* Christian Fernandez Perotti, ICCS
* Guillaume Couairon
* Scott Hosking

## Apologies

## Notes
### Submission deadline
* 2 weeks left for submission deadline !! Push on twitter and linkedin, Andrew will do retweets-reminders
    * Currently 1 submission / Can we extend for one more week?
* Douglas sending out invitations for review next week
    * Start reviewing immediately after submission closes
    * We have a meeting on close day - let's check where we are
    * In the past we have accepted "Monday after deadline" for extenuating circumstances
    * Two week reminder sent today to Google Group
* [Mailing lists](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/10): 
    * ==Please add mailing lists you can access in the above issue, and we'll tick off as we go :)==


### Speakers
* 5 invited
* Remaining reviewed from submissions
* Haven't thought about panels, will invite some
* ==Cass: Add update for keynotes on website== 
* ==Katy will follow up with Speaker Release Form==
#### Pannels
* Alden: touched base with Center Data Science for Environment, Berkley for potentially holding a panel.
* Pannels don't have to go through programme committee 
* (3 panels last year), minimum 1 panel this year, ideally 2
* Alden: Let's work with E&S GC for a sitdown/panel/presentation, something to showcase the GC
* Pannels can be more like "round table" or other format (fireside?)
    * includes online only speakers
* Currently 3 pannel spots in the agenda. 
* Last year:
    * Last yearâ€™s topic:
        * 1. EDI
        * 2. Ethics
        * 3. Reproducibility
* Suggestions:
    * Humanities
    * Teaching/Outreach
    * EDI
    * Interoperabiltiy, standards

#### Reproducibility 

### Online
* [Notes](https://hackmd.io/egXgvD5rQoKFl1_t7bGJ5w)
* removing need for video submissions of posters in advance
* Submit an image of poster, not video posters
* Poster session advertised as virtual (Gather Town) and in-person
* [Test gather town site set up!:rocket:](https://app.gather.town/app/CWv5cMFdbXnWa7jv/CI%202024%20Teeest)
* Q: time of day for presentations
- Gathertown pricing and availability for one-time reservation
    - $3/user/day
    - whole week == monthly $7/user
    - ==How many people expected online??== (last year 30/40 online)
    - Blocked on Turing wifi
    - ==LD and SH to escalate to Software Review Group==
- Online Posters
    - Gathertown
    - Two platforms for virtual poster
    1. Qiqochat (ESIP has been using it for live demo for the past four years)
    2. Vimeo (AGU is using it next week for virtual poster)
- Note that GatherTown as a technology won't be acceptable to everyone
    - Could generate a zoom link for each poster and list them in a table for easy access
- Need to find ways to encourage online participation, to ma
    - Send onboarding instructions for new users something like [this](https://icaps22.icaps-conference.org/gather)


### Key dates to add to website
* Submission feedback
* Registration open (same day as feedback provided)
* ==Cass add these to website== - done

### Updates on issues/actions
- [Budget Review (sharepoint)](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:x:/s/ee/EWWc-xQKDABArqI5IAg90gUBDazndDN8e434jVk6n_8VHw?e=es7vQe)
    - especially ticket pricing
    - Last year ~Â£75 student, Â£150 non-student, Virtual Â£50 (dinner and reception included)
        - Pricing was determined by cost
    - Formal dinner pushed up the price
    - No one-day tickets offered last year
    - Considder raising the in-person cost (Â£300 would be and reducing the virtual, both alongside access fund
        - Need to do some sums on numbers once we've finalised speaker numbers (see agenda draft below)
            - Aim to break even on ticket sales - recouping what Turing has already put up front
            - Cover most in-person with some remainder to come from virtual tickets


### Sponsorship
- Alden leading this
- Douglas talking to AWS
- Douglas: Claire still has about $7K at CU that she has offered can be used for the conference. That might be a source for travel support. ==Still in conversation with AWS for ECR Support, and can pursue ESA and Future Earth.==
- Andrew: would be good to get BAS, ECMWF, Met Office, NOC ? Scott: rather unlikely
    - These should be reached by our current mailling lists and slack.

### Agenda
- [Agenda draft planning doc (google drive)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18Vf6gkvkfuPlLuDWFHi1CHnaCpyTGYRd/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=100098223339378762434&rtpof=true&sd=true) 
    - ==Douglas will look into it and liaise with Cass & Katy==




### AOB
* ==Any volunteers for reviewing submissions?==
    * Cass (data sets only probably, as less domain expertise)
    * Guillaume 
    * Anastase
    * Orlands
    * Robert

- Accomodation block booking
    - Need to make a block-booking with a Turing contract
        - No viable options within Turing travel expenses caps (FA cup semifinal and london marathon)
        - Block booking of 70 rooms at Holiday Inn at Â£32k
        - We can book for speakers via Gray Dawes, but suggest that we do not block book for attendees
            - A list of suggested hotels would be acceptable
            - And travel suggestions
        


<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
# Meeting 2024-01-18
## Attendees
- Christian Fernandez Perotti
- Cass
- Scott
- Katy Thompson
- Marla Fuchs
- Robert Rouse

## Apologies
## Notes
- Present as Cambridge and Turing joining up, to raise support 
- Scott as Chair of 2024 can only make decisions for this year - setting up for next year's Chair

### 2023 sponsors
- Last Sponsorship from:
    - CUP (drinks of poster session - money goes directly to vendor) - they might be interested again
    - Amazon
    - Schmidt Futures
    - [Full sponsors/partners listed in the programme, page 19](https://cambridge-iccs.github.io/climate-informatics-2023/assets/CI2023%20programme%20handbook.pdf)
- "few thousand pounds from each sponsor"

#### 2025 venues
- Where in the Global South
    - ICCS has some centres (?)
    - Latin America is favourable
    - Some networks in Africa
        - Christian and Marla attended WCRP conference (Rwanda - visa restictions are minimal). 
        - Not clear that there is strong engagement / overlap with research areas
        - [African Institute of Mathematical Sciences](https://nexteinstein.org)
    - Marla has a lot of Indian contacts

- Investigate a few options and put together proposals for steering group
- Importance of network already being in place - need to have good turn-out from local
- Note Turing has only completed due diligence with India and South Africa

### 2024 considerations
- Suggest that this year's "ask" is part of a package to secure commitment from them for 2025 too. 
- CI has their own budget. Any incoming sponsorship would be held by them
- Sonsors want to back a "specific thing", e
    - Postor session drinks
    - Networking event (potentially off-site)
    - Online presence (GatherTown)
    - Travel for speakers from global south, especially hosts of 2025
- Co-badge a sponsor request template ICCS & Turing
- Schmidt Futures
    - Marla - being a grantee can make the funds transfer lengthy
    - Alden has some connection

- **Note any new sponsors for 2024 will also need to do the Turing Due Diligence Review which is quite lengthy (at least a month in Katy's experience)**

- Criteria for selection
    - Local network
    - Ethical / political stability
    - Transport hub
    - Visa restrictions
    - ==Christian to share his criteria information==
    - Add existing Turing relationships (e.g. existing due diligence analysis)
    - ==Cass work on this together==


- ==Scott: Let CI Steering committee know that we're doing this - get sign off==

- Alden: Need to make the asks for 2024 asap. They might want us to come back seperate for 2025 (different fiscal year)
    - Important to make ground into 2025 sponsorship now, so it does not start too late
    - Make the ask explicit that this will enable participation in the GS, ideally hosting in 2025, but could move to 2026
    - Want 1 donantion now that we can hold on to.

- Turing Partnerships might not want us asking for funding now for the 2025 conference, unless we are hosting it...
    - CI doesn't exist as an entity, so the ask has to come from Turing 
    - Turing could still be the lead for 2025, just the venue host would be in a different country
        - Could make it a strong Turing-ICCS collaboration for 2025
        - De-risks the 2025 if Turing takes lead on it
        - Continuity of leadership in organisation would be valuable
        - Proposa Turing as "convieners" of 2025

- Scott in a meeting with parnerships and Allaine
    - ==Alden to speak with Xander==
    - Maybe Marla/ICCS in early conversations to keep it close 

- ==Alden & Christian draft a proposal (async) and circulate==

- ==Cass make sure Marla and Robert are in CI slack and org group==

- Scott unlikely to be able to attend these conversations, but keep updated.
- Can CI accept money?
    - Would it have to be held in Turing's bank account?
        - ==Alden and Katy to investigate==


### Updates on issues/actions
### AOB

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->


<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->
# Meeting 2023-12-08

## Attendees
- Alden
- Lelle
- Guillaume
- Meghna
- Douglas
- Andrew Hyde
- Alejandro
- Christian
- Scott

## Apologies
- 


## Notes
- Welcome and intros of new folks
    - Andrew Hyde (Cambridge University Press)
    - Alden
    - Christian (ICCS)
- [ ] - 

### Updates on issues/actions
#### Github invites
- resent to folks below - ==please accept==
    - Andrew M (@ampersandmcd)
    - Anastase (@AnastaseAlex)
- new invite to:
    - @orlando-code

== Send new invite to Meghna (@asthanameghna)==


#### Offline discussions to continue
- ==online participation issue => continue discussion action in Jan==
    - ==Lelle to research Gather town pricing for the full week==
    - Make some online engagement opportunities before the conference
    - Make it a real positive 
- ==reproducibility issue continue offline==
- ==Promoting Turing==

#### Speaker suggestions
- Suggestions for speakers and panelists [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CzovkiJRy4_R6lhmKstja6OSAd8ZRXhESDtG5Lo0QSc/edit#gid=0)
- Try to have one ECR plenary 
- Diversity of climate applications
- Last year 2 keynote per day. 2022 5 keynotes
- ==Get email invites out to next week==
    - aim for 2 speakers on the website asap
    - Peter Dueben
    - Alberto Arribas-Herranz now back inthe UK and might be able to join this year
    - ==Douglas and Scott to identify first 2 big names to invite==
    - ==**Pull template for speaker invite from 2023 materials**==

#### Venue
- invoice now fully approved
- ==They need to reserve package  for virtual speakers by late February==
    - We need to do decide/confirm if we will have remote presenters. Cass: I think this would be a good inclusion if possible
    - Extra cost is Â£2400 for 3 days

#### Develop programme
- Have it better aligned with submission types of EDS. 
    - This could be included in the submission information
    - Would make it better aligned with the special issue
    - Description of datasets needs clarifying
- Perspective commentary?
    - Op Ed style, highlighting the issues of a field (challenges etc.)
    - Yes, we like this idea :)
- A reproducibilty artefact which we can co-design with CUP
    - How we can include this in the abstract submission/reivew
    - Make this opt-in, with a guideline of the reproducibilty review process
- CMT determine tracks:
    - Extended abstracts (2 pages)
        - References don't count towards limit
        - Reviewers felt this still wasn't enough to decide on full merit 
        - This year build in more flexibility on length and more detail on what we're looking for
            - ==Douglas will draft instuctions for authors==
                - ==All to review==
    - Full paper
        - types of submissions to match
    - Short abstracts

- Social and networking activities
    - ==Collect options for dinner venues==
    - Alden suggested Gas House 
    - Drinks reception and dinner costed into BMA house on day 1
    - ==Make a few options for social/drinks on other nights==
    - Poster session previously held during the drinks reception. If we have this in the physical space, need an online equivalent
        - Online coordinate for virtual poster session to be at the same time
        - ==Would be nice if gathertown was available before the conference too, so everyone is online==

#### Submission information
- When are we opening submissions? Douglas has links to the submission system
    - System is approved
    - ==Aim for next friday==
        - ==Douglas setting this up==
        - ==Douglas will draft on Google doc with a link in the github==
            - ==All to comment on this==
            - Include published policy from EDS


#### Promotion materials
- AGU next week starting Monday next week ==confirm date== - use this meeting to promote CI2024 submissions
    - ==Lelle and Cass to put together a poster which can be distributed (in print) ASAP!==
        - Logo, QR code.
        - ==Send to Andrew Hyde for printing at the conference==
    - CUP has a booth which can carry flyers



#### Open review
- integrating open review with CMP

#### Committee
- Sketch out a plan and send to steering group for reivew
- ==Christian wroite a proposal==
    - Add this to stanging agenda for this meeting:
        - Selection of international / Global South partners
        - Local hosting options
        - Key considerations from ICCS


### AOB
- Next meeting 5th January
- 

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2023-11-24
- Intro to the conference and organising

## Apologies
- 


## Attendees
- Cass
- Lelle 
- Andrew McDonald
- Scott Hosking
- Alejandro
- Anastase
- Meghna
- Douglas
- Guillaume
- Orlando

## Notes
- Presentation of Cass' [recording on the CI2024 github board with instructions](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1F03WlbZJkmCmZ4sD4dkAinGA4OoEBGsP/view)
[Github board](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024) 
    - [Additional notes on usage of the gh project](https://hackmd.io/@turing-es/SybZGNANp)
- Pending github invitations - please accept from email notification
    - Andrew M
    - Douglas
    - Lelle

- New folks: what are you github usernames?
    - Meghna: asthanameghna
    - Orlando: 
    - @AnastaseAlex

Going through issues on the GitHub board:
- SH: Let's make sure online experience is a top priority, as much as in person. Can a sub-group of early career reseachers come together in a meeting to see what kind of formats/setups work best. AM: Online social opportunities for engagement/networking (Orlando, Andrew, Lelle, Meghna-- who else?) --check [Gathertown](https://www.gather.town/ for good online experience) -- 
    - ==UPDATE: [issue #13](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/13) to cover this==
- [Resource for reproducibility review guidelines](https://reproducible-agile.github.io/) 
- CMT setup for submissions (somehow to track whether applicants will need visa, so that they are prioritised) - (new issue)
- AM for online participation champion (did I pick that up right?)
- Tidy up [website](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/climate-informatics-2024/)
- LD: Send out 'Save the Date' email to mailing list and forward to colleagues to spread the word
    - ==UPDATE: updated [issue #10]==(https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/10) to catch all comms points. Assigned Cass, Douglas and Lelle==
- Submissions to January 26, with extention for a week. Mention selection criteria, and that submission will start in the new year
- Alejnadro: online training before conference? Cass: TTW/TPS could support delivery
    - ==UPDATE: added to [issue #15]==(https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/15)
- It's time to start identifying key speakers for the programme. LD: Send email to build up the list of people in-between us. Spreadsheet to reflect EDI, Douglas will send me. Topics for potential panels, as well.
    - ==UPDATE: added to [issue #8](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/8). Assigned all==
- Sponsorships/Travel bursaries tbd
 ==LD: Agreement with some hotel? Blockbook something==
- Template for invitation letter for visa
    - ==Update: Douglas created [issue #17]==(https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/17)
- Suggestion: CodeCarbon for papers (new issue)
    - ==Update: Andrew created [issue #16]==(https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/17)

- #3 Committeess
    - Treasurer ? Turing -- Maybe Katy from Events? (on the basis she can track eventforce registrations)
    - Orlando
    - Meghna
    - Andrew McDonald
    - Marla (hasn't been able to join yet)
    - Reproducibility champion: Dominic?  

- #6 governance docs
    - has douglas got submission process and review criteria?

- #5 feedback from last year - douglas

- #7 slack 
    - all recieved invite?
    - later: add E&S TIG and biodiv TIG

- #10 major comms touchpoints
    - Agree comms touchpoints
    - Douglas updated CI website?

- #1 Update website
    - logo and colours agreed?
        - ==UPDATE: take that as a yes :)==



### Venue
- Venue contract reviewed and deposit being paid - Thank you, LÃ©llÃ© and Harry

### Sponsorship
- ==Sponsorship discussions - can this be moved to an issue or should it be private?==


### [Schedule from 2023](https://cambridge-iccs.github.io/climate-informatics-2023/fulldetails) (suggestions in brackets)
### Day 1
- (10:00/10:30 - Welcome)
- 11:00-12:00 keynote 1
- 12:00-12:15 short talk 1
- 12:15-12:30 short talk 2
- 12:30-15:00 ??? super long lunch ???
- 15:00-15:30 short talk 3
- 15:30-15:45 short talk 4
- 15:45-16:00 short talk 5
- 16:00-16:15 short talk 6
- 16:15-16:30 short talk 7
- (dinner?)

### Day 2
- 09:00-09:15 short talk 8
- 09:15-09:30 short talk 9
- 09:30-09:45 short talk 10
- 09:45-10:00 short talk 11
- 10:00â€“10:15 short talk 12
- 10:15â€“10:30 short talk 13
- 10:30-11:00 break
- 11:00â€“11:15 short talk 14
- 11:15â€“11:30 short talk 15
- 11:30-13:30 lunch
- 13:30â€“13:45 short talk 15
- 13:45â€“14:00 short talk 16
- 14:00â€“15:00 keynote 2
- 15:30â€“15:45 break (suggest this is 30 min)
- 15:45â€“16:00 short talk 17
- 16:00â€“16:15 short talk 18
- 16:15â€“16:30 short talk 19
- 16:30â€“16:45 short talk 20
- 16:45â€“17:00 short talk 21

### Day 3
- 09:00-09:15 short talk 22
- 09:15-09:30 short talk 23
- 09:30-09:45 short talk 24
- 09:45-10:00 short talk 25
- 10:00â€“10:15 short talk 26
- 10:15â€“10:30 short talk 27
- 10:30-11:00 break
- 11:00â€“11:15 short talk 28
- 11:15â€“11:30 short talk 29
- 11:30-11:45 short talk 30
- 11:45-12:00 short talk 31
- 12:00â€“12:15 short talk 32

- no keynote on day 3?
- closing remarks? Would be ok to close around 14:00?
- More variety in short talk length. Perhaps 20 min (in questions) and 10 min (7 minutes + 3 questions)


<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->


# Meeting 2023-11-17
- Intro to the conference and organising

## Apologies
- none


## Attendees
- Cass
- Guillaume ([webpage](https://gcouairon.github.io/); github: @gcouairon)


## Notes
- Claire asked if he was interested
- Never been before
- Background:
    - image processing
    - Organising music festivals!
    - HTML, CSS, 
- ==Guillaume to quick review notes form previous meetings - in this doc==
    - ==If you're interested, take a look at how we could use github projects to orgnise/communicate  timelines==
        - example here for [Assurance Platform](https://github.com/orgs/alan-turing-institute/projects/159/views/5)
    - [Github repo for website and organsing](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024)
- ==Cass: Add Guillaume to ai4environment slack + org channels==
    - Follow-up by email

<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->

# Meeting 2023-11-08

## Apologies
- Scott

## Attendees
- Alden
- Cass
- Elisabeth Wadge

## Notes
- CI2024 will be 13th year
- Small (~150) but estabished group, tightnit community.
    - Expect it might grow
- No parrallel sessions
- Last year Scott on steering committee
- This year E&S GC hosting, leverage what we're doing to feed into it 
- Building up reserve and transition for 2025
    - Better representation, better engagement
- Why is this a Turing funded activity?
    - Turing co-branding?
- Need to pin down whether Scott is wearing his Turing hat
    - Make clear that this is a GC activity so it can be justified
- "Sponsorship"?
    - Promoting business?
        - Cost, price and value
    - "Supporting"?
        - Donor doesn't tell us what to do, but their name is listed
    - "Brand aliance and sponsorship - can charge a lot of money for this but you really have to deliver"
- Funding ambitions
    - No clear communication 
    - Opportunity cost - staff time
    - If this becomes a Turing thing - what would that look like over the next 5 things
    - Can go to big people if we have a big plan!
        - Can we make this something bigger that no-one can do? Part of the Turing programme of work.
- Does anyone own it?
    - Not clear, seems very volunteer run and spread.
    - Wouldn't want to take it away form the community
- Would this meeting happen anyway if we weren't doing it? Would Turing want to be doing something like this anyway
    - Would we be providing leadership or conveining power?
- We would be setting up the support for whoever to host next year, in line with our values
    - Would make sense at 150-200k to a donor
- ==Elizabth will send over some questions for Scott== 
    - UPDATE: received and Scott has replied.
- Need to run it through International team
- Position carefully around "fairness" - big donors are interested in that
- Deep Mind should not be approached - stuff happening with Mark G
- "Don't be afraid to think of everything you need"
- Dont need money for April conference, so don't need to have names formilised for Apil
    - Take time to set up the relationships well




<!-- %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% -->


# Meeting 2023-10-31

## Apologies


## Attendees
- Cass
- Alden
- Lelle
- Scott
- Andrew
- Christian
- Douglas


## Notes

### Date
- All agreed on 22nd-24th April
- Fits well to follow [EGU 14-19th April](https://www.egu24.eu), for folks travelling from outside Eurpoe

### CI2024 Governance structure
- Mara and Danny ICCS secured the venue
- We have budget from E&S
    - ==Lelle to ask Harry to help identify the correct budget code==
        - UPDATE: Harry has made arrangements and given the code to LÃ©llÃ© - Thank you, Harry!

- Website: 
    - ==Get the front page looking good== 
        - [issue #9](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/9)
    - ==Get the save the date sent out== 
        - [issue #10](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/10)

### Submissions
- Used Microsoft Conference Management Toolkit (CMT) to manage submissions. No issues.
    - ==Douglas to set up==
        - [issue #11](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/11)
- Review process
    - Proceedings are directly published as special issue by Cambridge University Press
    - Want to keep this
    - CMT has some good functionality for double blinding
    - Consider adding reproducibility check list to submission requirements
        - ==Ask Douglas for more information on this.==
            - [issue #12](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/12)

### Timelines
- Follow timeline of 2023
- Papers submission deadline last week of Jan, then extend for one week
- Meeting 2023 was very close to same dates, so lets go for the same
- submission of papers for talks and posters
- keynotes work out in the next few planning meetings
    - Not all speakers announced until after Xmas last year
    - Put together a short list focused on gender balance, career stage, geographical represenation
            - ==Scott, Andrew, Douglas to start building invited speaker shortlist==
                - [issue #8](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/8)
- Registration
    - opens after submissions reviewed Feb
    - keep it open as long as possible, for last minute sign ups.
    - Turing uses eventsforce for registrations
        - ==Lelle to look into this==
    - Speakers 
        - We will cover registration
        - ==Lelle: speak to Harry about funding for travel and accomodation for speakers==
- Dates for 2024:
    - Submission deadline: 26th January 2023 (AoE) 
    - Extended submision : 1st February 2023 (AoE)
    - Notification of paper submission outcome: 23rd February 2023 27th February 2023 (AoE) ==Q: Which of these dates? Or two rounds?==
    - Registration opens: after submission outcomes
    - Full programme finalised: ==...==
    - Registration closes: 12th April or when at capacity
    - ==Publish timelines on website== - UPDATE: [issue #6](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/6)
        
### Sponsorship
- ==Douglas: Ask Rich Turner about microsoft research==
- Deepmind and others near by
    - Scott:  suggest meeting with @Elisabeth Wadge to discuss options as there are a number of discussions with them at the moment, and we might be able to slip it in somewhere.
- Would like to cover some ECR travel
- ==Douglas to reconnect with AWS==
- Consider 2 year sponsorship plans, to support 2025
- ==Talk to Turing Philanthropy== - ==UPDATE: Confirm with Scott and Elizabeth that this conversation and documenting of process can be shared in an issue==
    - One pager?
    - Who/when to send

### 2025
- Discussion ongoing for 2025 and 2026 venues
- Aiming for 2025 to be hosted in Global South
    - Build in strategy and activities now to help support equitable delivery


### Committees
- Global South focus for 2025
    - Need to make sure there is strong representation in organising committee and PC
- Programme Committee (PC) will be activing as reviewers for submissions
- Speaker suggestions for previous years have been documented
    - ==Douglas to retreive docs from previous years and collate suggestions for review by this group==
        - [issue #5](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/5)

### Project management
- All here comfortable with github - use this as our primary holding area
- Some materials might not be appropriate for public sharing
    - ==Start a github issue to discuss what materials should not be public, and what conversations should be private on slack==
        - UPDATE: Lets discuss this adhoc, e.g. for sponsorship development. See also [issue #5](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/5)
- Slack:
    - Turing workspace: AI for Env
        - Continue to use this workspace. 
    - Want everyone to stick around after the event - continued routes for discussion and contribution - so avoid making a new workspace.
    - ==Set up a channel organising for this group==
        - [issue #7](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/7)
    - ==Discuss at another time what further channels to use for participant comms==
        - [issue #7](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/7)
- Github names of this group to be added to the repo - done
    - ampersandmcd
    - scotthosking
    - lelle.di
    - geo-rao
    - ==christianfernandez== - confirm
- LÃ©llÃ© to run a whenisgood for general availablity for a recurring meeting - done


### Governance
- What are the required organising committees and who will serve on them?
    - Chairs
        - Douglas
        - Scott help on all things, not necessary Chair
        - Someone from Global South to create overlap with next year
            - https://deeplearningindaba.com/2023/
                - Key informatics conference in Africa
                - Website has list of organising committe etc.
                - ==Cass will connect with [OLS](https://openlifesci.org) for suggestions==
                    - UPDATE: Cass emailed Malvika
    - Local org
        - Cass
        - LÃ©llÃ©
        - Treasurer?
            - ==Cass to ask if Turing can nominate/identify someone for this==
                - [issue #3](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/3)
        - Secretary - ==?Lelle==
            - [issue #3](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/3)
        - Events co-ord - Katy Thompson (Turing, availbable from December/January)
        - Andrew McDonald
    - ==Programme commitee==
        - Cambridge Press (Andrew Hyde)
        - EDI Chair, participant expereince
        - ECR rep
            - EGU has a good model for this
        - ==Suggestion: Reproducibility champion: Dominic Orchard or their postdoc==
            - [issue #12](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/12)
            - CUP badges
        - Online participation Chair
            - Want to make sure they are not forgotten!
            - Every session could have two Chairs - one online and one in person
            - flatten the process for q's so all (online and in person) come via the same route, e.g. Slido
            - Discuss re-imagening online posters. Make sure it it timed well in the schedule for best attendance. Perhaps a few days before the conference? ==Continue this discussion==
                - [issue #13](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/13)
    - Steering Group
        - 4 people team, unchanged
            - Claire Monteleoni, University of Colorado Boulder (maybe limited capacity)
            - Jakob Runge, German Aerospace Center (DLR)
            - Eniko Szekely, Swiss Data Science Center
            - Anastase Alexandre Charantonis, ENSIIE
    - ==Get SG to ratify process for selection into committees, and approve final selection==
        - [issue #3](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/3)
        - Chairs
        - Programme committee rolls
- Aim for discussion of nominations at next meeting (approx 14d)
    - [issue #3](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/3)
        - ==Draw up long list of suggestions in 10d==
        - ==Discuss/agree nominations in the next meeting (14d)==
        - ==Get Clare and Jakob to review our shortlist==




### Venue
- BMA House proposal:
    - n=120 in-person 22nd-24th April
        - This should be fine based on last years numbers
        - ==Reserve tickets for speakers and presenters==
            - [issue #14](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/14)
    - hybrid
    - ==Green light to book for these dates==
        - UPDATE: Venue contract reviewed and deposit paid - Thank you, LÃ©llÃ©!



### Programme development


### AOB
- [website WIP](https://alan-turing-institute.github.io/climate-informatics-2024/)
    - Logo graphics? Below from 2023
        - ![](https://hackmd.io/_uploads/SJGVV26fp.png)




### Hackathon


---

# Meeting 2023-10-04

## Apologies
* none

## Attendees
* Cass
* Alden


## Notes
* Conference dates: 22-24th April 2024, maybe to 25th if one day of educationals/hackathon

* Lelle Demertzi, E&S Grand Challenge Coordinator PMU support - reply to Harry's email - done
    * tasks required from Lelle with timelines
        * ==ask her to set up fortnightly with Alden, Cass, Andrew, Alejandro==
        * Expereince with github?
    * ==Andrew: list of steering commitee== - requested in email - [see issue #3](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/3)
        * Set up a meeting with them
            * Get their run down or documentation of planning
* Events support
    * 4h offered?
    * Requested support: 
        * Venue: Weâ€™re favouring BMA House or Friends House. Are you able to make introductions to the event teams there, or should we take that up ourselves?
        * Registration: Just to confirm, are you saying that you might be able to allocate 4h to support our event? Are you able to detail what could be covered in that time, so we know what other activities we will need to resource ourselves?
* Venue
    * Book venue via Gray Dawes?matthew.bond@gdg.travel. Covers liability issues but will be charged a comission.
    * ==Alden to connect with BMA House - Speaking to Arielle about previous event hled there organising directly with BMA House==
    * ==Cass to conenct with Freinds House==
    * Update via Arielle:
        * Arielle booked the January E&S symposium directly with BMA
        * BMA has been through contract negotiations with us and are on our preferred supplier list
        *  look on the Events Toolkit on Mathison for a contact ot book via => ==Kat Winfield kwinfield@bma.org.uk==
        *  ==No explicit need to get a quote for a 2nd venue if our preferrer is available== 
            *  UPDATE: Confirm this is correct with Harry/Arielle 


----

# Meeting 2023-09-29

## Apologies
* none

## Attendees
- Andrew McDonald
- Alejandro
- Cass
- Alden

## Notes
- Timelines for CI2024
- Grand Challange support


### Committee
- Who did what?
- Proceedings will be published [journal]
    - Requires peer reivew committee
- Scientific committee
    - Scott Chair?
        - Previous, Douglas Rao, NCarolina
    - Reviewing submissions
    - Grouping submissions
    - Setting programme
- CI journal (CUP) were sponsers
    - Andrew Hyde supported meeting delviery
- CI STeering committee
    - ==Claire Monteleoni==
    - ==Jakob Runge==
    - ==Eniko Szekely==
    - ==Anastase-Alexandre Charantonis==
- Hosts handeld:
    - Catering
    - Registration
    - Venue
    - Liaised with Scientific commettee
- Andrew was PR lead - twitter, not emails, [website]()
    - Get community built
    - submit papers
- All team members were very amenable last year
    - communication can be slow as busy academiuc members
    - know when it is safe to make decisions!

AC: Who do we need to bring to the table to make this go forward?
- ==Ad hoc members==
- ==There every year folks==



### Programme
- 3 days
- Early start day 1
- Poster reception day 1 evening (seperate venue)
- Conference dinner day 2 evening
- early finish day 3
- lunch catered in through the college

### Registration
- Agree it can be increased this year from last

### Pannels
- EDI in env sci
- Open sci and repro


### Venue
- Historocally alternated between Norht America and Europe
- Context and infrastructure needed to be quick this year => London
- Live hybrid
    - Everything sceen shared
    - Everything recorded 
    - Zoom room
        - Has zoom been ok for everyone to access? Not available in countries with US sanctions
    - upload to youtube
    - Everyone could upload a video about the poster

### Deadlines
- Paper submission: Feb
- Conf reg: 1st April


### Printed handbook
- See website. Someone at ICCS put this together
    - Talk to Douglas

### Funding
- Raise sponsors - ==who to take forward these conversations?==
- Money in the bank already?
- recent BAS meeting - a sponsor covere the whole dinner, for example. 
- ==Student bursery scheeme for partial/full travel funding for participants in Global South==
    - Check visa timelines
    - Online participation burseries?
- Cambridge University Press: CI Journal
    - Main contact Andrew Hyde
        - Get him onboard early
        - Will help on engagement, outreach, PR


### Actions
- Gannt chart
- ==Build committee lists==
- assign people to tasks
- ==Check capacity of Harry Meacher==
- Start publicising as soon as possible and advertise submission deadline
- ==Github pages website== - started
    - Fork the one from last year
- ==Project management via the github==
    - Repro challenge managed on github last year
    - Add Andrew: @ampersandmcd
    - Make some issues
- ==Overall theme for the conference?==
    - Needs to be differentiated from EGU - why should people come?
- ==Andrew will send a link to google drive folder==
- ==Feedback form for 2023==
    - Dense agenda, would be good to have a bit more time
- ==Set up fortnightly meetings==
    - Go to weekly as closer to deadlines
    - ==Find out more about submission process== - [issue #5](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/5)





### Participants
- Consistant attendance of around 100
- Schedule capped for 1 track - this scale works well
- Might get some more people being in the UK

### Repro challenge
- Previous concurrent hackathon
    - Decided this year to not do concurrent, but remote after
- some feedback from last year
    - ==Get a copy of the feedback== - [issue #5](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/climate-informatics-2024/issues/5)
- need some mentors, review mentorship programme
- Ran for one month after the conference - was a bit too demanding
    - ==make shorter this year==
- Make sure we can provide participants with the computational infrastrucutre
- Traditional challenge and new one, e.g. Foundational Model (two tracks)
    - Traintrack?
    - Train in the morning, hack in the afternoon?
    - [Northern Lights Deep Learning Conference](https://www.nldl.org/) doing something similar
- ==Could be 1 day in person the day after?==
- ==Could have a day of workshops/tutorials - open for submission==
- Funding
    - No costs incurred last year, all volunteer
    - Existing collaborators provided compute
    - Cambridge Univerity Press provided prizes

---